Update UG to clarify email and notes validation (#377)
AY2425S1-CS2103-F10-3/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

- Note that Name, Phone Number, Email and Address are compulsory fields. 
- We believe it is reasonable that a customer or business contacts will need to provide these fields as they are not 
particularly sensitive as compared to Identification Number etc.

> - Email does not check for `.com` specifically at the end of each email as custom domain names exist. E.g. `@u.nus.edu`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-The email validation does not check for the presence of a period (.) after the "@" symbol, and it does not verify any specific domain extension. It only ensures that the domain name after the "@" is at least two characters long.
```

Reviewer: Also would it be better to move to another section like I have done with the phone numbers? (where i created a new section called future features)
